I've been an actor my entire life. For years I've looked to influential members of the computer science community such as Ivan Sutherland, Jaron Lanier and Randy Pausch while pretending to be a part of the community myself. At the time, programming seemed like such an abstract concept that I could only imitate. I felt as if all I could ever do is play the role of a "developer" without a clue of what that title really meant. This doubt made me believe the computer science community didn't need someone like me; I almost gave up on pursuing my dreams. It was only once I played the role of a "university student" did I begin to truly understand what it means to study computer science. Computer science isn't just a major, discipline, or field of study. It is a commitment and promise to responsibly use technology to create a better world and improve the human condition. Most importantly, computer science makes and takes every single one of us and we all have an important role to play in the advancement of technology. 



It is with great pleasure that I am finally able to announce my graduation from the University of Central Florida with a B.S in Computer Science. I would like to thank all of the managers, recruiters and colleagues who invested in me and my abilities over the years. I would also like to thank all of my amazing friends and family that supported me even during some of my darkest hours. My time as an undergraduate student has taught me what sacrifices are required to achieve my dreams. The most academic and personal growth I made did not come from gaining what I thought I wanted but instead from the realities that derived from what I needed. I will always treasure the time and memories I made as an undergrad but it is time to look forward with the valuable lessons I have learned and create my future. 



My academic journey will still continue as I will be pursuing a M.S in Computer Science specializing in Mixed Reality Engineering next spring. I am committed to excellence and I believe a graduate level degree will open up many opportunities that will support my ambitions. I hope you will all chose to continue to place your faith in me and my visions for an imminent reality we can all be proud of.   